Partner Program Terms and Conditions
Date: 13th December 2024
Welcome to the Corepunk Partner Program!
Partner Program in Brief
* Whether you're a streamer, guide creator, website owner, or simply a fan, anyone can register and participate.
* Share your unique link with your friends, followers, and community. When they purchase an Early Access or other Gaming Services through your unique link, you will receive a commission on each sale.
Please review these Corepunk Partner Program Terms and Conditions carefully.
1. Definitions
“Partner Program”: A marketing program in which Partners earn commissions by promoting Orders through unique Partner Links provided to them by us.
“Partner Program Terms”: These Corepunk Partner Program Terms and Conditions.
"We/Us/Our”: COREPUNK B.V., a Dutch company, registered under number 69946868, with a registered office at Jan van Galenstraat 335, 1061 AZ Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
"Partner": An individual or a legal entity who has registered for and been accepted into the Partner Program. 
"Customer": An individual who purchases an Order using a Partner link.
“Order”: Anorder for Early Access to the Corepunk Game in version "COREPUNK: Light Bless the King”, or any other Gaming Services as described at https://shop.corepunk.com.
“Gaming  Services” means Early access to COREPUNK GAME, COREPUNK GAME, Digital content,  In-game currency service and other game software (downloaded or streamed), and other software products and online services, sold by us.
“Partner Link”: A unique URL provided to a Partner for promoting Orders. This link tracks sales and commissions.
“Website”: Our official website https://corepunk.com.
“Commission”: The amount of money paid to a Partner for each sale of an Order to a Customer that was made using the unique Partner link.
2. Registration
2.1. Eligibility: The Partner Program is open to every individual or legal entity who wishes to participate.
2.2. Registration: To become a Partner, you must:
* (for individuals) be over 18 years old; or (for legal entities) be an authorized representative of the legal entity;
* complete the registration form on our website (including payment details); and
* read and agree to the Partner Program Terms.
2.3. We do not accept Partners who are under sanctions, have legal restrictions, or are otherwise prohibited by law from participating. We reserve the right to accept or reject any application at our sole discretion without any additional explanation.
3. Partner Responsibilities
3.1. Promotion: Partner shall:
* promote Order by using the unique Partner link provided upon registration.
3.2. Compliance: Partner shall:
* comply with all applicable laws and regulations when promoting Order and participating in this Partner Program, including customer protection and data protection laws;
* use only official information from our Website when promoting Order;
* adhere to ethical and lawful marketing methods. For instance, Partners should not engage in spamming, misleading, or unethical advertising practices.
4. Commission
4.1. For each sale of an Order made through the unique Partner link, the Partner will earn a Commission. Partners are not permitted to refer themselves or make purchases through their own Partner link.
4.2. Commission is calculated depending on the total sales volume starting from launching of this Partner program as follows:
- for a total sales volume from 0 to 2 000 Euro (including), the commission is 5% of the customer’s order amount for each sale made within this range through the unique Partner link based on the Order price indicated on the Website.
- for a total sales volume from 2 001 to 4 000 Euro (including), the commission is 7% of the customer’s order amount for each sale made within this range through the unique Partner link based on the Order price indicated on the Website.
- for a total sales volume from 4 001 to 8 000 Euro (including), the commission is 9% of the customer’s order amount for each sale made within this range through the unique Partner link based on the Order price indicated on the Website.
- for a total sales volume from 8 001 to 14 000 Euro (including), the commission is 11% of the customer’s order amount for each sale made within this range through the unique Partner link based on the Order price indicated on the Website.
- for a total sales volume from 8 001 to 14 000 Euro (including), the commission is 11% of the customer’s order amount for each sale made within this range through the unique Partner link based on the Order price indicated on the Website.
- for a total sales volume from 14 001 to 20 000 Euro (including), the commission is 13% of the customer’s order amount for each sale made within this range through the unique Partner link based on the Order price indicated on the Website.
- for a total sales volume more than 20 001 Euro, the commission is 15% of the customer’s order amount for each sale made within this range through the unique Partner link based on the Order price indicated on the Website.
- for a total sales volume of more than 30,000 Euros, we may, at our sole discretion, contact you to offer a 20% commission rate and additional benefits, such as featuring custom skins, mounts, and in-game items—including weapons—in our shop. Please note that this paragraph is entirely discretionary and does not constitute a binding obligation, offer, or promise.
The Commission includes taxes.
4.3. Commission Threshold: Commissions will be paid out provided that the Partner has reached the minimum payout threshold of 25 (twenty five) Euros.
4.4. Payment Schedule: Commissions will be paid out monthly, 30 days after the end of the month in which the sale occurred. The currency of payment can be Euros or US Dollars.
4.5. In any case where a sale is refunded to a Customer for any reason, the corresponding Commission for the Partner will be reversed. If the Commission has already been paid out to the Partner, the amount will be deducted from future earnings. If no future earnings are available, the Partner agrees to repay the Commission amount to the Company within 10 days after notice from us.
4.6. In order to process the Commission payment, we may need to request additional information from you, including billing details and/or signing documents for accounting, tax, or payment purposes. If you delay providing this information, the payment of the commission will also be delayed.
5. Tax Obligations
Partners are responsible for any taxes arising from their participation in the Partner program. This includes reporting and paying taxes on their earnings as required by law.
6. Fraud Prevention
6.1. We reserve the right to employ various measures to detect and prevent fraudulent activities, including but not limited to monitoring purchase patterns, verifying usage, conducting manual reviews of suspicious activities, and monitoring Partner activities for fraudulent behavior.
6.2. Any suspicious activity may result in the suspension or termination of the Partner account and/or associated user accounts, and suspension or termination of participation in this Partner program, with any earned commissions being reversed.
6.3. Partners found engaging in fraudulent activities, such as generating fake sales or engaging in refund abuse, will be subject to legal action and required to repay any commissions earned from such activities, as well as damages caused to us.
7. Modifications, Term and Termination
7.1. Modifications. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change this Partner program at any time without any liability to reimburse damages for such changes to Partner. Please check this Partner program periodically for changes. The changes will commence from the date they will be made. Partners will be notified of any changes via email or through the partner dashboard.
7.2. Term of Partner Program: Partner Program will commence on the date indicated on Website. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to terminate this Partner program at any time without any liability to reimburse damages for such termination to Partner. Partners will be notified of any changes via email or through the partner dashboard. You may terminate your participation in the Partner Program at any time.
7.3. Term of rights and obligations of Partner: Partner’s rights and obligations under Partner Program Terms will commence after we approve Partner application to this Partner program, and will continue until (a) Partner Program termination; and/or (b) Partner participation suspension or termination.
8. Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, or any loss of profits or revenues, whether incurred directly or indirectly, or any loss of data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from your participation in this Partner program.
9. Dispute resolution and governing law
9.1. To expedite resolution and control the cost of any dispute, controversy, or claim related to this Agreement (“Dispute”), you and we agree to first attempt to negotiate any Dispute (except those Disputes expressly provided below) informally for at least thirty (30) days before initiating any court proceeding. Such informal negotiations commence upon written notice from one person to the other. We will send our notice to the email address you have provided to us. You will send your notice to the addresses mentioned in the Contact details.
9.2. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the Netherlands. This Agreement shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded. By agreeing to this Agreement, in the event of any claim you may have arising from or related to the Preorder or this Agreement you agree to the exclusive personal and subject matter jurisdiction of the courts located in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, for making and resolving any such claims, and hereby waive any right to participate in any type of lawsuit brought and/or maintained as a class action or similar in nature to a class action. We reserve the right to make any claim against you and seek and be granted any legal or equitable remedy against you in any court anywhere in the world.
9.3. Attorneys' Fees. In the event any litigation is brought by either party in connection with the Agreement, the prevailing party in such litigation shall be entitled to recover from the other party all the reasonable costs, attorneys' fees, and other expenses incurred by such prevailing party in the litigation insofar permitted under the law.
10. Data Protection and Privacy
10.1. Data Control: Both the Company and the Partner are separate controllers of any data collected through the Partner program. Each party is independently responsible for complying with data protection regulations in relation to the personal data they process.
10.2. Partner shall ensure that any personal data obtained by Partner in connection with Partner Program, is processed in the compliance with all requirements set by applicable data protection laws for the processing of personal data, including but not limited to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), all local laws and regulations which amend or replace any of them, together with any national implementing laws in any Member State of the European Economic Area (EEA), to the extent applicable, in any other country, as amended, repealed, consolidated or replaced from time to time.
11. Other terms
11.1. Participation in the Partner program does not create any legal entity, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship between us and Partner. Both parties remain independent throughout the duration of the Partner program.
11.2. Assignment. We may assign this Agreement in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time with and without your consent or notification. You may not assign the Agreement without our prior written consent and any unauthorized assignment by you shall be null and void.
11.3. Entire Agreement. Partner Program Terms and Privacy and Cookie Policy, each as amended and modified from time to time, together constitute the entire agreement between you and us with respect to Partner program, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications, whether electronic, oral, or written, between you and us with respect to Partner program; provided, however, that this Partner program shall coexist with Privacy and Cookie policies and other policies, terms and conditions, rules and guidelines published by us.
11.4. No Waiver. The failure by us to enforce any right or provision of Partner Program Terms will not constitute a waiver of future enforcement of that right or provision. The waiver of any right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by our duly authorized representative.
11.5. Severability. If any part of Partner Program Terms is held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to maintain the intent of this Agreement, and the other parts will remain in full force and effect.
11.6. Force Majeure. We shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside our reasonable control, including without limitation any failure to perform hereunder due to unforeseen circumstances or cause beyond our control such as acts of God, war, terrorism, pandemics, riots, embargoes, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes, power outages, circumstances caused by suppliers or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials.
12. Contact Information
(a) If to us.
For any questions or concerns about the Partner program, please contact us at af@corepunk.com.
All notices given by you or required under the Partner program shall be in writing and addressed to COREPUNK B.V., a Dutch company, to the following address Jan van Galenstraat 335, 1061 AZ Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
(b) If to You. All notices given by us under this Partner program shall be given to you either through written notice, email, or website blog post.